After reading the article written by Alfie Kohn it made me think the whole grading system twice. I would like to talk about one of my experiences with the grading system, I completed my schooling and collage in India where graded determine a student’s knowledge. During my under-graduation I took a class engineering mathematics which contains a lot of difficult mathematical concepts and algorithms I hade to do a lot of work for this class and had to go to a tutor to understand the concepts much clearly. Finally, I was able to understand the concepts and complete my class, but I got a low score when I asked my professor about my grades, he told me that all my solutions were correct but my presentation and defining skills were lacking. I could not do any thing about my grades but thought to my self that is this class is a presentation class or a math’s class.
I know that some people say that grading system determine a student’s capability and his knowledge but, I think differently I would say that grades are nothing but a motivation for a student to work hard or to increase his interest in that subject. My experience with grades is something similar i.e., when I get a high grade, I tent to show less interest in that subject and When I get a loo grade, I tent be more careful and pay mote attention to the class so that I can a higher grad next time.
 If the grades were removed, I would say that a praise would be a good motivation for those who completed the test first and correctly but, I guess it is only subtle for a middle school or a high school student. I would say that grading system plays a very significant role in students that are in school but during collage pride I don’t think grades can determine a student’s caliber or knowledge. If there are no grades, I would say that students might shoe more interest on what the class is about and how can we learn more about it or improve our knowledge about it Instead of just studying for what are going to be on the test.
I know that many people want to find an easy way to complete their classes and get a high grade in the class. There may be several reasons for some one to take the easy way out for example an accident or illness, personal problems, and lack of interest in class. To describe one of my experiences when I took an easy way out is during my high school I hade to take a engineering drawing I was really bad in that class and I did not pay much attention in that class and my grades were dropped so low that I was about fail in that class and I need to just pass that class for me to graduate that year with my friends so I searched for students who took the class previously and asked them for the test questions I know this looks bad but I did not cheat I just prepared for those concepts that are going to be in the test.
